Count data obtained through email to the author:

3/27/2023
Marra, Nicholas <nmarra@govst.edu>

Hello Dr. Qiu,

Thank you for your patience and understanding regarding your request. I was able to locate the computer with the files that included the count tables for that paper. I have attached them here as both an excel and text file. 

I will note that the files were run on DESeq back in 2013 at the end of my PhD and I know that DESeq has had some updates since then but I think they should still have the same results. The only other note is that some genes had their symbols get a little odd when the file was opened in excel before exporting the table as text for DESeq. In particular I know that septin genes got interpreted as dates in September so where I noticed this I changed the symbol from the normal uniprot format to the number-sep so that it would stop getting interpreted as a date.

Please let me know if this is not the file that you are looking for and/or if you have any questions and I can track down what notes I have now that I have that computer and back up and know that they are still functional. 

Thank you for your interest and I hope that your class is able to use it and that it is useful for teaching.

Sincerely,

Nick Marra

 
Nicholas Marra, Ph.D.
Assistant Professor 
Division of Science, Mathematics and Technology
Governors State University
University Park, IL 60484
he/him/his



Data published by:
Marra NJ, DeWoody JA (2014) Transcriptomic characterization of the immunogenetic repertoires of heteromyid rodents. BMC Genomics 15: 929. http://dx.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2164-15-929

Data description:
File D_spec_spleen_filtered.fasta (57.01Mb) contains Dipodomys spectabilis spleen transcriptome data. Combined assembly of 454 reads and fragmented Illumina assembly (see methods of associated paper) in gsAssembler version 2.6.
Note that we truncated the original file to 1% of its original size and named it Marra2014_data.txt

Data taken from:
Marra NJ, DeWoody JA (2014) Data from: Transcriptomic characterization of the immunogenetic repertoires of heteromyid rodents. Dryad Digital Repository. http://dx.doi.org/10.5061/dryad.qn474
